Meeting 1
Feb 22, 2023

Meeting Schedule: Weekly, 3:15 on Wednesday

Tools:
	Platform (Tracking and Documentation): Github
	Language (code) : NEXT MEETING
	
Project Name: Calculating Class / Group GPA
Group Members: Luca Martinez, Hirwa Ishimwe, George Khramtchenko, and Brett Ramella 


Understand the Problem

Who has a stake in the solution to the problem? Professor Ruocco, Hirwa, Luca. Brett, George. 

What data, functions, and features are required to properly solve the problem? An executable program
 that takes file input of sections and groups and outputs their cumulative GPAs

Can the problem be compartmentalized? Is it possible to represent smaller problems that may be 
easier to understand? Yes
- Taking file input from the user
- Parsing the file to get and format the data we need from them
- Processing the data 
- Outputting the the result

Can the problem be represented graphically? Can an analysis model be created? - NEXT MEETING



PRELIMINARY SCOPE STATEMENT

The stakeholders in this project are Professor Ruocco, the client and Hirwa, Luca, Brett, George, the team. 
The goal of this project is to design and deliver an executable file. That executable file will acquire 
grades from other text files, and ultimately analyze the data to the fullest. In that process, the 
executable will determine the GPA of a section, the combined GPA of all the sections in a group, then
compare the sectional GPA with the grouped GPA and compose differences on the two. A section may be in 
one or more groups, and a run may include more than one group.


Client Requirements

The client will provide data to be analyzed:
- Data will not change during a specific run of the program
- The groups and sections in groups may change between runs


Team Requirements/ Obligations

Our program generates a report (for each group in a run):
- Group level: Number of courses, number of students, number of each grade, overall GPA of the group
- Section level: Number of students, number of each grade, overall GPA of the section, significant 
  difference from group GPA

Requirements also include:
- Design and implement a means of computing GPA per section and per group. GPA is based on university 
  definitions found in the catalog under Grading Policies. Grades of “I”, “W”, “P”, “NP” award no points 
and are not incorporated into GPA.
- Design and implement a means of determining if the section GPA is significantly different than the group 
  GPA (one sample Z-test and we can let z≤-2 or z≥2 be considered significant).
- Design and implement a means of producing easy to read results
- Provide final report encompassing the entire effort using a standardized format

Schedule Objectives of when and what the team must deliver to client (Professor Ruocco):
L11: Presentation and Report
L17: Interim Presentation
L20: Prototype Demonstrations
L26/27: Final Presentation and Report



